== README

To setup:

* Install PostgresDB

* Install Virtual Box

* Clone the PigLatinSite repo to your machine

* Enter your project directory.

* Install vagrant.

* Add your public key to the vagrant folder.

* Create an append_authorized_keys file within the vagrant folder and add your public key to that file.

* Run:

    librarian-chef install

* Once chef is complete, run:

    vagrant up

* To SSH into your VM, run:

    vagrant ssh

* Once inside your vm, run:

    cd /srv/PigLatinSite

* Run:

    bundle

* Create config/dotenv/.env by adding your db credentials.

    DEVELOPMENT_HOST=YOUR_HOST_IP
    DEVELOPMENT_DATABASE=pig_latin_dev
    DEVELOPMENT_DB_USERNAME=YOUR_DB_USER
    DEVELOPMENT_DB_PASSWORD=YOUR_DB_USER_PASSWORD
    DEVELOPMENT_SECRET_TOKEN=GET_SECRET_TOKEN

* Create config/dotenv/.env.test by adding the following:

    TEST_HOST=YOUR_HOST_IP
    TEST_DATABASE=pig_latin_test
    TEST_DB_USERNAME=YOUR_DB_USER
    TEST_DB_PASSWORD=YOUR_DB_USER_PASSWORD
    TEST_SECRET_TOKEN=GET_SECRET_TOKEN

* Run:

    rake db:create

* To start server run:

    rails s -p 8080

Notes:

* This project follows a file structure we developed on previous projects. If you do not need a particular folder for your project, feel free to trim back the structure.

* This project contains a minified d3 build as well as moment.js. These can be found in vendor/assets/javascripts.

* This project comes with prepopulated jshint, rubocop, and reek rules.

* Capybara is used for feature testing. This project comes with a preconfigured capybara helper found in spec/support.

* Poltergeist is our prefered javascript driver. The capybara helper and the spec helper are configured to use it. These files can be found in the spec and spec/support folders respectively.

* Karma is installed during the provisioning process. Phantomjs is the prefered browser for testing. Karma is configured with the karma.conf.js file located within spec/karma folder.

* For testing, a database cleaner helper is included in spec/support. The developer can modify the DB cleaning strategy for testing from this file.

* Once development begins, remove jshint ignore comments from the coalition.js module in app/assets/javascripts/modules

* Out of the box, rake should be green (currently karma fails, but it fails due to a lack of tests).
